Meeting Agenda for [Project Group / Title / Unique Identifier]
Date/Location: 03-OCT-2019 at 14:30 in [A308]

Information Updates/Reminders
=============================
* Given converted battleship code that is not working
* Remind team to always attend the daily scrum

* The next two weeks are going to be about understanding the code
base so that we can plan for the work to fix and improve it.
* Everyone should be able to use git, github wiki’s and Trello.  Ask for help if that is a problem.
* We will be using toggl.com to keep track of time.
* The Programming Help Desk (Block G Level 9) is available to help us with programming for this unit.

Decisions Needed
================
* None (only general items requiring Actions this week)

* Discuss when to check in for daily scrum
* Delegate tasks to fix battleship game
* Deadline to complete task

General Items
=============
* Everyone needs to download the code and make sure they can run it.
* Need a Trello board created for this project and team. Actions and other details will be posted there. Columns used need to be decided.
Someone needs to create and invite other team members.
* Need a Toggl team project to track the time the team uses to
complete the work. Someone needs to create and invite team members (using email addresses). We need to decide what activities to track.
* Need a github account for this project. (Project from last task can be used if suitable.) Existing code base can be added.
* Need github wiki pages to document project details.
* Need to find and list functional issues. What works the way it should and what does not? Put on wiki.
* Need a list of all the files, and description of what each file is for. Decide where this is stored. Put in wiki.
* Are some files (code or resources) not being used or not needed? Create a list and share on wiki.
* Is there a need to perform any conversion of codes? What are the tools we can use to convert the codes? Someone (or several) people should investigate and report back next meeting so we can decide and then do the work of converting.
* What coding standards should we used for the project? Need someone(or several) people to investigate and report back at the next meeting so that we can decide.
* Are there any obvious TODO, BUG or FIXME comments in the code base that we should know about? Someone should check and report.
* How much of the code has been documented, and once converted what needs to be done. Someone should investigate and report.
* A list should be created to keep track of extensions ideas and new features that could be added (not bugs to fix). The work should not be done at this stage. 